hello everyone today is a very special day
for anonymous we have witnessed as the
imperialism takes away the freedom of
expression hits us with his rod of
power and show us who's boss this time
anonymous has been hit in a way
cruel to witness an insult to the
town or the biggest scam seen in
the story not only took away our
freedom of expression but also
they robbed me I bring you a point of view
that many will be with me and others will not
they will do it because of this we suffer
we all feel at university
central east
these data are real it was arrived at
we for a student of that same
first point institution is almost
near the payment date and still not
we have taken class second point when
you are going to pay those people from the window
they speak badly offend you even if you're
paying your money and you always have to
make huge rows but what
I think this semester will be faster
since there will not be many students in the
university third point there is already almost
have to pay the card and again but
how is that I do not understand a card that
almost not used only works in the
locals outside and not everyone pick it up
to make discounts I think they are
with me in that part what weirdest
encounter is that the central university
from the east, we have to update
using that card and sic and it does not make
'will & will work at your institution
mediocrity that unfair them always
they want to win they updated the
students to use that exam when still
the locals are not aware of that
they always have a macabre idea against
us to fuck and get us money
I will not pay that card that
it's useless in san pedro de
macorís and so expensive that they sell local and
that goes to all the students but
thinking it well that for the rich I would
they did their purpose and mission is just
make money regardless of the other and what
cheaper is an ice cream of 25 pesos but
we've already set a palpable example
let's evaluate these with other
university is the uasd in its center
student sells the food for 5 pesos
when we see a big difference and not
because it's cheap the food is bad and in
the eastern central university is going to
buy a meal you have to walk with
100 pesos to be able to eat you average
pizza and a soda that are full and the
Basque 5 and 10 pesos with is better and so
they want the students not to go to
buy outside the uc how is it possible
that with such expensive price the student
it degenerates into that student center
ddie crazy that we are the best thing is to go and
buy outside but the one that has to
shop at the student center but
as most will be Dominicans now
we will make them do in the center
student is not that finding it there
to be realistic but predicted a
heart of that center even if it does not pass
but that will most likely happen because
already the income is not the same for
the center gives me pity for those who
they work there in that poor place of them
but the institution benefits although
they do not get anything he has to pay
the same amount even if they do not sell it that
big net is mafia with that big net I do not know
and not buy my beloved and nowhere
in most places you buy
that does not work maybe 10 000 000 000
000 000 000 1 etcetera work in a
place miraculously you believe that
we are some fourth point assholes
problem that affected thousands of
students was the exams
departmental thanks to a single
person carlos sean and listen to him man
again, Carlos is in charge of
those departmental exams is wrong
formula and have no foot or head
although he says that just happens to
computer and that the teachers are the
who give him the material but he
It has a lot to do with the problems
observe but now the good thing that
many did not know is that we discovered
recently when hacking your account is
that the exam questions for
he is complete and for the
students appear in full that
problem rhythms in pharmacology though
we are still investigating if to
all the exams happened that same
we are still investigating
since many students were
unjustly burned by those misdeeds
and lack of ethics on their part but
our purpose is not to criticize not only
to the eastern central university
we clarify things we are asked
that we investigate and help the
people so that others are not unfair
another problem is the time they give in
the exams is an hour and a half but
the person in charge of these exams
forces students to finish before
that the established time passes
because he says that computers
they run slower than the normal clock and
students say they have calculated and the
computer clock goes faster
that the clock and normal and that he
He spoke to the students who are studying
those exams as if it was worth nothing
but the biggest thing is that they pay their
money to receive that kind of
insults for that is that this country does not
advances with these injustices
another point talking about the exams is
that many questions from those exams do not
unanswerable and students will
they say to managers of those exams that
we do and he says put any
Rule
and he never fixes anything and so he calls
that prestigious institution with those
holes it has and lack of clarity
in that institution fifth point does
almost a month the rector of the university
had a meeting with the students of
medicine to treat issues
current tasks and talk about the
federal loans in that meeting had
Dominicans and foreigners fighting for
his right the point is that he was going to
deal with several issues and only the rector
he talked about his institutions forcing himself
of students who were affected
and annoyed to pass not less than one
hour he ordered the Americans removed from
many audience came out some
they listened but they left and the
Secretary of Medicine prevented the passage to
Any Dominican who would like to enter
to that place so that now the
foreigners left many for their evil
management and its lack of vigilance to its
institution they were the ones that have
the greens now we will do how to treat
local students to the
Dominicans after losing the majority
of foreigners and if you watch this video
let's hope there's
to some change the knowledge is free
we are anonymous we are legion no
we forgive we do not forget wait for us